! Version: 202404080001
! Title: Bulgarian Fakenews, Post-truth, Propaganda, Content Farms, Mushroom websites
! Description: List of Bulgarian sites that generate fake, misleading, bullshit content.
! Homepage: https://github.com/MiCRoPhoBIC/bulgaria-fakenews-blocklist
! License: https://github.com/MiCRoPhoBIC/bulgaria-fakenews-blocklist/blob/main/LICENSE
! Syntax: Unbound
! Expires: 1 days (update frequency)
! Last modified: 2024-04-08T19:27:22+0000

server:
local-zone: "19min.bg." always_null
local-zone: "19min.media." always_null
local-zone: "1den.bg." always_null
local-zone: "2i2.eu." always_null
local-zone: "24zdrave.bg." always_null
local-zone: "2newsbg.com." always_null
local-zone: "30dumi.eu." always_null
local-zone: "4eti.eu." always_null
local-zone: "5gmedia.bg." always_null
local-zone: "72chasa.com." always_null
local-zone: "7lev.com." always_null
local-zone: "7dnibulgaria.bg." always_null
local-zone: "7dnisofia.bg." always_null
local-zone: "7dnisport.bg." always_null
local-zone: "7kefa.com." always_null
local-zone: "about.bg." always_null
local-zone: "action-newsbg.eu." always_null
local-zone: "adrain.bg." always_null
local-zone: "afera.bg." always_null
local-zone: "alarma.bg." always_null
local-zone: "alfa.bg." always_null
local-zone: "allbg.eu." always_null
local-zone: "anonybulgaria.wordpress.com." always_null
local-zone: "bairak.bg." always_null
local-zone: "balgari.bg." always_null
local-zone: "barikada.info." always_null
local-zone: "bestnews.bg." always_null
local-zone: "bez-cenzura.com." always_null
local-zone: "bez-cenzura.eu." always_null
local-zone: "bez-cenzura.info." always_null
local-zone: "bg-sega.eu." always_null
local-zone: "bg-utro.eu." always_null
local-zone: "bg7.eu." always_null
local-zone: "bgdnes.bg." always_null
local-zone: "bgjournal.info." always_null
local-zone: "bgkef.com." always_null
local-zone: "bglife.club." always_null
local-zone: "bgmedii.eu." always_null
local-zone: "bgnews168.com." always_null
local-zone: "bgnewscom.eu." always_null
local-zone: "bgnovinitee.eu." always_null
local-zone: "bgnow.eu." always_null
local-zone: "bgprevedi.com." always_null
local-zone: "bgtatko.bg." always_null
local-zone: "bgvest.eu." always_null
local-zone: "big5.bg." always_null
local-zone: "biopogled.com." always_null
local-zone: "blife.eu." always_null
local-zone: "blitz.bg." always_null
local-zone: "bnews.bg." always_null
local-zone: "bnoshipka.org." always_null
local-zone: "bradva.bg." always_null
local-zone: "breaking.bg." always_null
local-zone: "brutnews.eu." always_null
local-zone: "budnaera.com." always_null
local-zone: "bukvarche.com." always_null
local-zone: "bulgaria24.tv." always_null
local-zone: "bulgaria365.eu." always_null
local-zone: "bulgariannewspaper.com." always_null
local-zone: "bulmedia.net." always_null
local-zone: "bulpress.top." always_null
local-zone: "bultimes.bg." always_null
local-zone: "bultimes.com." always_null
local-zone: "bultimes.eu." always_null
local-zone: "bultimes.info." always_null
local-zone: "bunt.bg." always_null
local-zone: "chaspic.com." always_null
local-zone: "chujdozemec.com." always_null
local-zone: "class.bg." always_null
local-zone: "classa.bg." always_null
local-zone: "crime.bg." always_null
local-zone: "dailypress-bg.com." always_null
local-zone: "dailystandart.com." always_null
local-zone: "darik.news." always_null
local-zone: "debat.bg." always_null
local-zone: "delo.bg." always_null
local-zone: "dnes-24.com." always_null
local-zone: "dnes24.eu." always_null
local-zone: "e-vesti.co.uk." always_null
local-zone: "efir.info." always_null
local-zone: "energetika-bg.com." always_null
local-zone: "energiensviat.com." always_null
local-zone: "epicenter.bg." always_null
local-zone: "epochtimes.bg." always_null
local-zone: "evromedia.bg." always_null
local-zone: "fakenews.bg." always_null
local-zone: "glasove.com." always_null
local-zone: "godlessera.com." always_null
local-zone: "govoriotkrito.bg." always_null
local-zone: "gradski.bg." always_null
local-zone: "gudelnews.com." always_null
local-zone: "hiddentruth.site." always_null
local-zone: "hipotezi.com." always_null
local-zone: "hotarena.net." always_null
local-zone: "human.bg." always_null
local-zone: "infoburgas.com." always_null
local-zone: "informiran.net." always_null
local-zone: "inter-view.info." always_null
local-zone: "interesninews.eu." always_null
local-zone: "intrigi.bg." always_null
local-zone: "istinata.net." always_null
local-zone: "istinskiistorii.com." always_null
local-zone: "istinskitenovini.com." always_null
local-zone: "izumitelno.com." always_null
local-zone: "jenata-vchas.net." always_null
local-zone: "jilo.bg." always_null
local-zone: "join.bg." always_null
local-zone: "kabina.eu." always_null
local-zone: "kalvacha.com." always_null
local-zone: "kanal3.bg." always_null
local-zone: "king-of-net.com." always_null
local-zone: "kingofnet.net." always_null
local-zone: "kla.tv." always_null
local-zone: "klassa.bg." always_null
local-zone: "ko4.bg." always_null
local-zone: "koch.bg." always_null
local-zone: "komentari.com." always_null
local-zone: "komentaru.com." always_null
local-zone: "lechenie.bg." always_null
local-zone: "lekuva.me." always_null
local-zone: "lekuvai.bg." always_null
local-zone: "lekuvai.net." always_null
local-zone: "lentata.com." always_null
local-zone: "lifebg.eu." always_null
local-zone: "lifebg.net." always_null
local-zone: "lifebg.top." always_null
local-zone: "livemedia.bg." always_null
local-zone: "ludsport.fun." always_null
local-zone: "ludsport.net." always_null
local-zone: "ludsport.pro." always_null
local-zone: "lupa.bg." always_null
local-zone: "mall359.com." always_null
local-zone: "mejdu-redovete.com." always_null
local-zone: "mignews.info." always_null
local-zone: "mirogled.com." always_null
local-zone: "mister.bg." always_null
local-zone: "monitor.bg." always_null
local-zone: "mutrinews.com." always_null
local-zone: "myasto.eu." always_null
local-zone: "mybg.eu." always_null
local-zone: "narod.bg." always_null
local-zone: "naroden-glas.eu." always_null
local-zone: "nbox.bg." always_null
local-zone: "ndt1.eu." always_null
local-zone: "neudobnitebg.com." always_null
local-zone: "news7.eu." always_null
local-zone: "newsbg24.eu." always_null
local-zone: "newsbgcom.eu." always_null
local-zone: "newsbp.com." always_null
local-zone: "newsmaker.bg." always_null
local-zone: "newspoint.bg." always_null
local-zone: "no-comment.bg." always_null
local-zone: "novaplus.bg." always_null
local-zone: "novden.eu." always_null
local-zone: "novetika.com." always_null
local-zone: "novinarbg.com." always_null
local-zone: "novinarbul.com." always_null
local-zone: "novini247.com." always_null
local-zone: "novinite-dnes.eu." always_null
local-zone: "novinite24.eu." always_null
local-zone: "novostibg.eu." always_null
local-zone: "novotopoznanie.com." always_null
local-zone: "obedineni.com." always_null
local-zone: "onovini.com." always_null
local-zone: "onovini.eu." always_null
local-zone: "onovini.eu." always_null
local-zone: "pan.bg." always_null
local-zone: "paparak.bg." always_null
local-zone: "paralel42.com." always_null
local-zone: "patrioti.net." always_null
local-zone: "pazel.eu." always_null
local-zone: "people.bg." always_null
local-zone: "petel.bg." always_null
local-zone: "pik.bg." always_null
local-zone: "plovdivmedia.bg." always_null
local-zone: "podlupa.bg." always_null
local-zone: "pogled.info." always_null
local-zone: "politikata.net." always_null
local-zone: "politikata.top." always_null
local-zone: "portal12.bg." always_null
local-zone: "portal-21.com." always_null
local-zone: "posoka.org." always_null
local-zone: "pro4eti.eu." always_null
local-zone: "promocode.bg." always_null
local-zone: "provaton.bg." always_null
local-zone: "rod-bg.com." always_null
local-zone: "rodinabg.com." always_null
local-zone: "rns.bg." always_null
local-zone: "rusiadnes.bg." always_null
local-zone: "rusofili.bg." always_null
local-zone: "safenews.bg." always_null
local-zone: "sanovnik.bg." always_null
local-zone: "show.bg." always_null
local-zone: "skafeto.com." always_null
local-zone: "skandalno.net." always_null
local-zone: "slivensega.wordpress.com." always_null
local-zone: "slojno.com." always_null
local-zone: "snaiper-bg.net." always_null
local-zone: "socialni.bg." always_null
local-zone: "sos-bg.eu." always_null
local-zone: "sosnovini.bg." always_null
local-zone: "spekulanti.com." always_null
local-zone: "spisaniezora.com." always_null
local-zone: "sportove.info." always_null
local-zone: "sportove.net." always_null
local-zone: "strogosekretno.com." always_null
local-zone: "struma.bg." always_null
local-zone: "strumapress.com." always_null
local-zone: "svetovnizagadki.com." always_null
local-zone: "svoboden-narod.eu." always_null
local-zone: "svobodnabulgaria.eu." always_null
local-zone: "svobodnoslovo.eu." always_null
local-zone: "taran.news." always_null
local-zone: "temi.bg." always_null
local-zone: "tetradka.eu." always_null
local-zone: "themainline.bg." always_null
local-zone: "themainline.top." always_null
local-zone: "thesofiatimes.com." always_null
local-zone: "top-novini.eu." always_null
local-zone: "topactualno.com." always_null
local-zone: "topvesti.bg." always_null
local-zone: "trakiaworld.com." always_null
local-zone: "trendynews.bg." always_null
local-zone: "trud.bg." always_null
local-zone: "trg.bg." always_null
local-zone: "ufield369.wordpress.com." always_null
local-zone: "uniconbg.com." always_null
local-zone: "vazhno.bg." always_null
local-zone: "vchas.net." always_null
local-zone: "vchas.pro." always_null
local-zone: "velikabulgaria.eu." always_null
local-zone: "vest.bg." always_null
local-zone: "vestnikataka.bg." always_null
local-zone: "vestnikzarya.com." always_null
local-zone: "vestnikzora.com." always_null
local-zone: "vijti.com." always_null
local-zone: "xaknews.com." always_null
local-zone: "youcomments.com." always_null
local-zone: "zadkulisite.com." always_null
local-zone: "zajenata.bg." always_null
local-zone: "zanas.eu." always_null
local-zone: "zasporta.com." always_null
local-zone: "zbox7.eu." always_null
local-zone: "zdrave.to." always_null
local-zone: "zname365.com." always_null
local-zone: "zona666.com." always_null
local-zone: "zona98.com." always_null
